Rules:-

	1) Normal Rules:-

		a. 	The game continues until a player has one card left. The moment a player has just one card they must yell “UNO!”.If they are caught not saying “Uno” by another player before any card has been played, the player must draw two 	new cards. Once a player has no cards remaining, the game round is over, points are scored, and the game begins 	over again.

		b. After a card is drawn the player can discard it if it is a match, or if not, play passes on to the next player.

		c. The first player is normally the player to the left of the dealer and gameplay usually follows a clockwise direction. Every player views his/her cards and tries to match the card in the Discard Pile.

		d. You have to match either by the number, color, or the symbol/Action. For instance, if the     Discard Pile has a red card that is an 8 you have to place either a red card or a card with an 8 on it. You can also play a Wild card (which can alter current color in play).

		e. If the player has no matches or they choose not to play any of their cards even though they might have a match, they must draw a card from the Draw pile. If that card can be played, play it. Otherwise, the game moves on to the next person in turn. You can also play a Wild card, or a Wild Draw Four card on your turn.

	2) For Specials Cards:-

		a. Draw2Cards:- When a person places this card, the next player will have to pick up two cards and forfeit his/her turn.

		b. WildDrawFour:- This acts just like the wild card except that the next player also has to draw four cards. With this card, you must have no other alternative cards to play that matches the color of the card previously played. If you play this card illegally, you may be challenged by the other player to show your hand. If guilty, you need to draw 4 cards. If not, the challenger needs to draw 6 cards instead.

		c. ReverseCard:- If going clockwise, switch to counterclockwise or vice versa.

		d. WildCard:- This card represents all four colors, and can be placed on any card. The player has to state which 	color it will represent for the next player. It can be played regardless of whether another card is available.

		e. SkipCard:- When a player places this card, the next player has to skip their turn. If turned up at the beginning, the first player loses his/her turn.